{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green127\blue95;\red127\green0\blue85;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13680\viewh11980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Exam 2 Spring 2012:\
\
Variant 1:\
\
A gossip is passed on from person to person. Each person either stops the chain of gossip, passes the gossip to one other person, or passes the gossip to two people who have not heard the gossip already. While it is possible that one person receives two versions of the same gossip from different people, the person who passes on the gossip will never hear it again from anyone. (There is no circularity in the chain of gossips.)\
\
The following data definition represents the people involved in spreading the gossip:\
\
\
Translate the given graphical description of the gossip network into data definitions for these classes.\
\
Show graphically the gossip network represented by the given data.\
\
Gossips get distorted as people pass them on. We would like to measure the degree of distortion in this gossip network. Design the method that computes the number of different chains of people in this gossip network.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 countAllPaths
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Design the method that finds the length of the gossip chain from this person to the one with the given name.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 distanceTo\

\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Variant 2:\
\
We would like to model the posting of the notes on a social network. A person may post a note on the walls of one or two friends. If the person finds a note on her wall, she may decide to just keep it to herself, or to post it on the walls of one or two of her friends. A person may receive the same note from several friends (the network identifies the source of the note). It also makes sure that the chain of sources for any note is not circular - that means, that the note for which you are listed as one of the sources cannot be posted on your wall.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
The following data definition represents the people involved in posting one note on the walls:\
\
\
Translate the given graphical description of the social network involved in wall postings into data definitions for these classes.\
\
Show graphically the wall postings network represented by the given data.\
\
Design the method that counts how many different ways could the message get to the given person\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 countPaths\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Design the method that finds the longest sequence of people forwarding the postings on the wall for this posting.
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 maxLength\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0   \cf2 // count the paths to the node with the given data\cf0 \
  \cf3 abstract\cf0  \cf3 public\cf0  \cf3 int\cf0  countPaths(T data);\
  \
  \cf2 // find the length of the longest path from this node\cf0 \
  \cf3 abstract\cf0  \cf3 public\cf0  \cf3 int\cf0  maxLength();\
  \
  \cf2 // count all possible paths from this node to any terminal\cf0 \
  \cf3 abstract\cf0  \cf3 public\cf0  \cf3 int\cf0  countAllPaths();\
\
  \
  \cf2 // compute the length of the path to the node with the given data\cf0 \
  \cf3 abstract\cf0  \cf3 public\cf0  \cf3 int\cf0  distanceTo(T data);
\f0\fs24 \
}